brown brown
brick red
pearl white
purple purple
gold yellow
black black
golden yellow
dapple-gray gray
gray gray
iron-gray gray
red red
white white
rose pink
chestnut brown
pink pink
ill-colored NULL
silver gray
high-colored NULL
greenish green
yellow yellow
blue blue
blue-green blue
silver-gray gray
coral red
shadow gray
purplish purple
flaxen yellow
gray-brown brown
green green
redden red
dead-white white
violet purple
pearly white
dove-colored white
maroon red
mahogany brown
copper brown
dun gray
hazel green
blue-gray gray
rosy red
whiten white
livid blue
honey yellow
woolen-white white
lavender purple
brownish brown
fresh-colored NULL
blacken black
cherry-colored red
buff-colored NULL
silvery white
cream white
crimson red
honey-colored yellow
jade green
gilt yellow
coal-black black
ivory white
ebony black
scarlet red
rose-red red
rose-white white
fiery-colored NULL
gilded yellow
olive-colored green
vermilion red
bronze brown
olive green
cream-colored white
apricot-colored orange
straw-colored yellow
ginger red
magenta purple
agate brown
brightly-colored NULL
cinnamon red
rose-colored red
jade-green green
iris purple
opal white
nacre-colored gray
sulphur-yellow yellow
sanguine red
mauve purple
pearl-colored white
orchid purple
copper-green green
olive-green green
milky white
pistachio-colored green
rose-pink pink
wine-yellow yellow
flame-red red
orange orange
ruby red
emerald green
turquoise blue
red-gold yellow
crocus-colored purple
tawny brown
amber-colored yellow
amber yellow
citron-green green
turquoise-blue blue
beryl green
platinum white
ochre-colored orange
bone white
charcoal gray
peach-colored orange
strawberry red
dull-green green
apricot orange
cherry red
rich-brown brown
water-colored blue
bright-colored NULL
light-colored NULL
whitish-brown brown
ruddy red
snow-white white
green-baize green
bluish blue
lime green
whitish white
yellowish yellow
cream-color white
primrose-colored yellow
blackened-green green
whitey-brown brown
wheat yellow
murrey-colored red
arial-gray gray
russet red
Lead-colored gray
blacker black
eel-brown brown
reddish red
puce purple
plum purple
blood-red red
many-colored NULL
whiter white
custard-colored yellow
auburn brown
lead-color gray
lead-colored gray
rose-color red
canary-colored yellow
coffee-colored brown
oakum-colored gray
browner brown
rusty-black black
copper-colored brown
rust red
yellow-green green
red-brick brick
bluer blue
damaged-orange orange
rubicund red
sky-blue blue
jet black
canary yellow
red-brown brown
greenest green
rouge red
tan brown
jet-black black
mulberry-colored black
grayer gray
lavender-colored purple
lemon yellow
nut-brown brown
reddish-gray gray
topaz yellow
whity-brown brown
mouse-colored gray
village-green green
roseate red
milk-white white
whitest white
amethyst purple
redder red
marble-white white
blackest black
blue-black black
navy blue
lilac purple
tender-colored NULL
gray-blue blue
glass-green green
alabaster white
gaily-colored NULL
richest-colored NULL
gold-colored yellow
